---
title: How to add a Postback URL
category: takeads
section: account-and-settings_2
language: en
source: https://support.mitgo.com/knowledge-base/article/how-to-add-a-postback-url
---

# How to add a Postback URL

Postback URL is a tracking tool that proactively notifies you when an event occurs on your platform, e.g. the action status changes. This ensures seamless tracking and reporting.

# Add a Postback URL


We currently support only the Action event. If you are interested in other event types, please feel free to share your feedback.


To add a Postback URL, do the following:


1\. Go to [Settings](https://account.takeads.com/settings/), select the Postback URL tab, and click Add new Postback URL.


2\. In the URL field, enter the link where postbacks should be sent. Example: https://yourtracker.com.


Enter the URL without any parameters in this field. Set up the parameters at [step 3](#paramerters).


3\. Set up the parameters to include in your Postback URL and update the predefined parameters if needed.

- Custom parameters. You can add up to 3 parameters and assign static values to them. For example, a static ID that will always be included in the link.
- System parameters. These values are generated by and sent from Takeads, and you cannot modify them


Along with the Postback URL, you will always receive a JSON file with data for all system parameters and SubIDs. To receive specific data directly in the Postback URL, select the required parameters.


4\. Switch to Simple view to preview the full URL with all parameters combined if needed.


5\. Optional. You can include a specific SubID accepted by your tracking system in the test request. Enter the value for the SubID parameter you specified at step 3 and click Use in test. Otherwise, the test might fail, and the server will return an error.


6\. Click Test Postback URL to verify that your URL responds correctly. You will get a notification about the test results:

- Test successful. The URL responded with status code 200, so it is valid and ready for use.
- Test failed. Unable to send postback. The URL returned a 4xx status code, so it’s invalid and cannot be used. Adjust the URL parameters or check your platform integration, then test again.


If you change or add any parameters, the button will reactivate, and you’ll need to retest the URL.


7\. After the test succeeds, copy the URL and click Save. The Postback URL will appear in the [list of your URLs](https://account.takeads.com/settings/postback-url), where you can edit or delete it.
